----------
About us 
----------
Reliable performance and quality, in addition to the highest level of professional customer support, the best communications and information management technology available, including the new on-line ordering, tracking and reporting tool. You will enjoy peace of mind in knowing that you are doing business with an established, well-managed company with nearly 20 years of success to it’s credit. At A1-SameDay, we are dedicated to being known as the first and best choice throughout our industry


---------------------
Mission Statement
-----------------------------------
Mission Statement
At A1-SameDay, our unwavering commitment is to provide our customers with the best same-day delivery solutions throughout the United States. We relentlessly pursue providing the most environmentally friendly, responsive, customer oriented, point-to-point delivery service in the United States. A1-SameDay and our service providers perform thousands of deliveries flawlessly on a daily basis. A1-SameDay is committed to remaining at the forefront of the latest same-day delivery technology. It is our goal to provide such superior service, that our customers rave about our service each time they use us.

------------------
Our scope
------------------------------
A1-SameDay Delivery Service, Inc. is the recognized leading provider of same-day transportation and distribution services across the country. From our headquarters in midtown Atlanta, A1-SameDay Delivery Service, Inc. manages the transportation, distribution and logistics for a rapidly expanding list of well over 1500 active clients, including many Fortune 500 companies with operations throughout the United States.

-------------------
what we provide
------------------------------
A1-SameDay offers a wide range of same-day delivery services including messenger, courier and distribution services for clients consisting of small local firms to large national corporations. We provide services throughout the Southeast and across the country. When our clients transportation and distribution needs extend across North America, we enlist qualified associate partners across the continent to see that your requirements are satisfied.

------------------
one stop source
------------------------
We proudly serve our constantly expanding base of literally hundreds of active clients by being a “reliable” one-click-source for the fastest, most affordable, same-day delivery solutions available. A1-SameDay delivers anything, anyplace and anytime – FAST! 24/7, all 365 days of the year.

---------------------
why choose us
---------------------------
Reliable performance and quality, in addition to the highest level of professional customer support, the best communications and information management technology available, including the new on-line ordering, tracking and reporting tool. You will enjoy peace of mind in knowing that you are doing business with an established, well-managed company with nearly 20 years of success to it’s credit. At A1-SameDay, we are dedicated to being known as the first and best choice throughout our industry

----------------------------------------------
on demand - local courier service delivery 
------------
On Demand – Local Courier Service
A1-SameDay provides local courier service for the pick up and delivery of your time sensitive packages. We get your shipments to their destination safely and on time. The A1-SameDay team of Courier Service agents is skilled and professional and ready to help you meet your deadlines with our speedy delivery service.

A1-SameDay provides a variety of courier service for clients of all sizes. From small local companies to Fortune 500 organizations, we have the courier services that you need. Whether across the street, across town or across the county, we can provide courier service to meet your individual needs. As members of the MCAA (The Messenger Courier Association of the Americas), we have established relationships with affiliate courier companies across the United States who all strive to meet the same set of courier service standards and ethics, allowing us to handle all your express courier services needs anywhere across the continent.

A1-SameDay’s reputation for fast courier services was earned over the years and substantiated by a proven history of courier service. We provide courier services guarantees and courier services performance that you can count on time after time. Add to the same day courier services mix a substantial investment in technology, convenience, an uncompromising “we go the extra mile” ethics displayed by our trained staff, and it’s plain to see why A1-SameDay is regarded as the premier courier service provider in the area.

Our new online courier services order entry, tracking and reporting tool can save you time and money. You can also get an instant courier service quotes with our Quick Quote tool. This online delivery services order system is the fastest, easiest, most comprehensive way for you to track the status of any same day courier services order you place with A1-SameDay.

--------
scheduled delivery
--------
Scheduled Delivery
With A1-SameDay’s scheduled delivery service, our customers get daily pick-ups for their many types of repetitive deliveries. Whether it’s bank deposits, daily warehouse sweeps, interoffice deliveries or more, A1-SameDay is ready to be there when you need us.


When time counts, you can count on A1-SameDay. We specialize in serving companies that require pick-up and delivery of urgent materials on a routine basis. We have the technology and expertise to coordinate same-day shipments across the street, across town or across the country every day.
With a team of professional drivers and experienced agents, A1-SameDay provides ground and air solutions for immediate transportation of all your recurring time-critical deliveries.

A1-SameDay’s couriers are dependable professionals who are dedicated to completing your delivery quickly and securely. Regardless of the size, origin or destination, you can rely on A1-SameDay for all of your scheduled shipping. We trust our team with the success of our business every day – and so can you!

In addition, we offer the highest level of professional customer support, backed by state-of-the-art technology. Whether placing orders on the phone or online with our online order entry, tracking and reporting tool – customers expect and receive immediate delivery of their same-day orders.

Customer Service for Your Business Schedule
When you need immediate delivery, both you and your customers can rely on A1-SameDay. We are the leading choice for scheduled deliveries throughout North East Ohio. We will develop and customize a solution designed for your specific needs, providing you with a competitive edge. We take care of your deliveries, so you can take care of your business.

Every member of the A1-SameDay team is dedicated to getting your shipment to its destination quickly and safely without incident. Regardless of the size, origin or destination, when you need scheduled, “reliable” service, A1-SameDay can provide the right solution.

Whether your deliveries require that they be made on the ground or in the air, your deliveries will be made according to your timetable. Some of our scheduled shipments include:

Bank runs
Inter-office deliveries
Medical samples and supplies
Mail transport
Pharmaceuticals
We proudly serve our expanding base of clients by being as reliable as our name. You can count on us for fast, competitively priced, same-day delivery and distribution services.

-----------------------------
emergency / expedited delivery
-----------------------
Emergency/Expedited Delivery
We deliver over 200,000 times every year. We have literally dozens of vehicles in service. We offer a dedicated team of drivers, dispatchers, customer service representatives and sales professionals. Order a delivery by online using , our on-line order entry, tracking and reporting tool or by telephone.

Let us start working with you today. We provide reliable delivery times from hours all the way down to 30 minutes or less in some areas. When you know the people who are working for you, you can be more confident that the job will get done right.
------------------------------------
next flight out service 
------------------
Next Flight Out Service (NFO)
When it’s necessary to move your shipment a long distance in a short amount of time, our A1-Same Day Next Flight Out Service offers a great way to reduce transit time. There are more than 28,000 domestic commercial flights each day. By linking our network of agents with these flights, we can move your shipments anywhere in the United States within one day, in most cases.

When it’s necessary to move your shipment a long distance in a short amount of time, our A1-SameDay Next Flight Out Service offers a great way to reduce transit time. There are more than 28,000 domestic commercial flights each day. By linking our network of agents with these flights, we can move your shipments anywhere in the United States within one day, in most cases.

First, we locate the airports nearest both the origin and destination. Next, we identify the optimal flight departing and arriving at these airports and the drive time to and from each. With this information, we immediately dispatch the driver nearest the shipment origin. The shipment is picked up, taken to the airport and tendered on the optimized flight. Upon flight arrival, we retrieve your shipment and deliver it to its final destination.

Delivery by A1-SameDay redefines same day package delivery. By utilizing our partner courier companies and major airlines, A1-SameDay gets your time-sensitive packages on the very next flight out and in your customer’s hands as soon as possible.

Small or large – Few or Many, A1-SameDay’s team of Next Flight Out specialists will determine the most appropriate flight for your cross-country delivery needs. So, if your package has to get there as fast as possible, let A1-SameDay deliver it on the Next Flight Out.

How it Works:
An A1Express courier service partner will pick up the package from the specified location and drop it off at the proper airline terminal of the next flight out. Upon arrival, another A1Express courier service partner will pick up the package from the airport and deliver it to its final destination. All of this is done while maintaining on-time delivery and effective NFO pricing.

Federal Guidelines:
The security requirements of package delivery are under constant scrutiny. Customers can be certain that A1-SameDay is compliant with all Transportation Security Administration (TSA) guidelines. Our Next Flight Out packages are handled with care, concern and caution.

Become a Known Shipper* with A1-SameDay and have all of your nationwide expedite delivery needs handled with our Next Flight Out delivery solution. Call (877) 219-7737 for more information on how A1-SameDay can quickly assist you with becoming a known shipper and getting a Next Flight Out account.



-------------------
OTHER SERVICES
------------------------------
>>>>>>>Bike Delivery Service
------------------------------------
A1-SameDay is equipped with bike messengers to service the downtown section of larger metropolitan areas. With same day bike messengers providing the pick up and delivery of your lightweight packages, you no longer have to worry with traffic problems and fuel charges. Let A1-SameDay’s team of Bike Messengers deliver for you today.

A1-SameDay’s Bike Messengers are available in several major metropolitan areas. Bike messengers are available to transport your packages to and from many addresses in downtown areas.

A1-SameDay Bike Messengers Provide:

Discounted Deliveries
Online Order Entry & Tracking
Perfect for small lightweight Downtown Deliveries under 5 lbs
Get a free quote online; choose the Car for Vehicle/Service Type and a bike quote will appear if bike messengers service the area.
A1-SameDay bicycle messenger service is very effective in urban areas as bikes travel faster than walking yet won’t get stuck in traffic or battle with the rising costs of gasoline. This saves courier customers time and money.

Cities that we proudly offer bike couriers:

New York
Washington DC
Miami
Baltimore
Chicago
San Francisco
Philadelphia
Cleveland
Atlanta
Dallas
Seattle
Houston

-------------------------------
>>>>>>>>Fleet Solutions
------------------------------------------
A1-SameDay can provide services to replace your previously managed in-house operations. We will assume responsibility for the vehicles and manage the drivers for you, including loading, unloading, sorting and dispatching. We can provide anything from passenger cars to trucks to a wide variety of other vehicles.

Our on-call fleet of drivers is always available as backup to your dedicated fleet as needed. By using our on-call fleet you can lower your operating costs by maintaining a smaller dedicated fleet without reducing capabilities. Some benefits of outsourcing your transportation to A1-SameDay include:

Routing and dispatch technology.
Reduced liability.
Adjust fleet size to accommodate fluctuations in business without long-term investments in equipment.
Experienced, professional staff and drivers.
Fleet Management Solutions
We realize that time is money, and there’s none to waste in order for your business to remain successful. A1-SameDay’s Dedicated Fleet services offer a solution that allows you to concentrate on your business and leave your courier, delivery, and distribution needs to experienced professionals.

---------------------------
>>>>>>>>>>> Fulfillment
---------------------------------------
A1-SameDay has established itself to provide quick-response, rapid delivery services for critical parts and other time-sensitive products or materials. We help you provide fast and reliable service to your customers and field technicians. Inventory management, courier delivery, tracking, proactive monitoring, and management help you deliver the highest reliability for this demanding supply chain network requirement.

A1-SameDay can provide an e-fulfillment network that will integrate your Web site to an intelligent fulfillment infrastructure, including a contact center, distribution center and real-time online inventory reporting center.

We can help you reduce your costs and improve the reliability of your fulfillment operations with real-time inventory and order statuses, electronic integration into – our online order entry, tracking and reporting tool – as well as same-day order fulfillment and returns via eZreturn2™.

We can provide same-day returned goods management, including inspections and restocking. We can also perform such processes as assemble-to-order, kitting, specialized packaging and promotional fulfillment.

With A1-SameDay physical distribution and information infrastructure in place and a capable staff ready to adapt it to your needs, we can have a local area supply chain network operation working for you in much less time than you might think.

----------------------------------
>>>>>>>>>>>> Messenger Delivery Service
--------------------------------------------
Providing professional Messenger Service is the goal of A1-SameDay Delivery. Local or nationwide messenger services are offered and our trained courier and messenger service specialists are available to determine which delivery option fits your time-critical needs.

Same Day deliveries range from small envelopes to large pallets of packages. Our team of delivery messengers are well trained and can handle your packages…large or small and few or many.

A1-SameDay Messenger Service Includes:

Online Order Entry, Package Tracking & Reporting
Free Rate Quotes by Zip Code
Messenger Service Specialists available online or by phone
Bike Messengers available in certain cities
Having a messenger service that you can trust is essential in today’s fast paced business world. Leading order placing and tracing technology coupled with 24/7 service makes A1-SameDay the courier delivery partner you need when your packages have to be there immediately.

Local Courier Service Delivery Time frame Options:

2 Hour Courier Express
4 Hour Courier Express
Express Bike Courier Direct
3 Hour Express Bike Courier

------------------------------------
>>>>>> Nationwide Courier Service
------------------------------------------------
Nationwide Courier Service is a main focus of A1-SameDay Delivery. Local and nationwide courier service solutions are offered and our trained courier specialists are available to determine which of our delivery options fit your time-critical needs.

By land or by air, A1-SameDay will ensure the safe delivery of your time-sensitive package. Nationwide Same Day deliveries range from small envelopes to large pallets of packages. A1-SameDay can accommodate your nationwide courier service needs, whether large or small – few or many.

A1-SameDay Nationwide Courier Service Includes:

Delivery to 48 States and over 200 Cities
Online Order Entry
Package Tracking & Reporting
Free Rate Quotes by Zip Code
Courier Service Specialists available online or by phone
Having reliable and on time package delivery at an affordable price is what sets A1-SameDay apart from the rest. Being a nationwide courier service that you can trust is essential in today’s fast paced business world. Leading order placing and tracing technology coupled with professional service makes A1-SameDay the courier delivery partner you need when your packages have to be across the city or across the country.



LOCATIONS>>>>>>
-----------------------------
1. Northeast Courier Service
-------------------------------------
A1-SameDay provides a variety of courier services for clients of all sizes in the Northeast. From small local companies to Fortune 500 organizations, we have the speedy delivery service that you need. Whether across the street, across town or across the county, we can provide same-day package delivery service to meet your individual needs.

Use our convenient Quick Quote to get a price for your courier delivery service right online.  We can same day deliver packages anywhere in the Northeast – from the smallest letter sized package to cargo.  Give A1-SameDay courier service a call today.

-------------------------------------
2. Southeast Courier Service
--------------------------------------------
A1-SameDay provides a variety of courier services for clients of all sizes in the Southeast. From small local companies to Fortune 500 organizations, we have the speedy delivery service that you need. Whether across the street, across town or across the county, we can provide same-day package delivery service to meet your individual needs.

Use our convenient Quick Quote to get a price for your courier delivery service right online.  We can same day deliver packages anywhere in the Southeast – from the smallest letter sized package to cargo.  Give A1-SameDay courier service a call today.

-----------------------------------
3. South Central Courier Service
-----------------------------------------
A1-SameDay provides a variety of courier services for clients of all sizes in the South central US. From small local companies to Fortune 500 organizations, we have the speedy delivery service that you need. Whether across the street, across town or across the county, we can provide same-day package delivery service to meet your individual needs.

Use our convenient Quick Quote to get a price for your courier delivery service right online.  We can same day deliver packages anywhere in the South central US – from the smallest letter sized package to cargo.  Give A1-SameDay courier service a call today.

-------------------------------------
4. Midwest Courier Service
-------------------------------------------
A1-SameDay provides a variety of courier services for clients of all sizes in the Midwest US. From small local companies to Fortune 500 organizations, we have the speedy delivery service that you need. Whether across the street, across town or across the county, we can provide same-day package delivery service to meet your individual needs.

Use our convenient Quick Quote to get a price for your courier delivery service right online.  We can same day deliver packages anywhere in the Midwest US – from the smallest letter sized package to cargo.  Give A1-SameDay courier service a call today.




FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
------------------------------
>>>>How much does it cost?
------------------------------
Price is based on location, distance and service type. You can get a quick quote or contact us to find out more.

-----------------------------
>>>>>Can I Track my Order?
------------------------------
Yes you can! Just use our online tracking system to get access to your order status

------------------------
>>>>> How long does it take?
--------------------------------
All our services are Same Day, Next Day or Scheduled. You can chose the type of service you need when you place your order.

------------------------------------
>>>>> How do I place an online order?
--------------------------------------
You can use our Ship Now feature to place a credit card order without an account. Or, if you have an account with us, simply login and place your order online.

-------------------------------
>>>>>> What are your hours?
---------------------------
We are open 24/7 365 days a year!